everyone okay so this video is based
upon the Rihanna and Shakira video now
Lucy skin is much lighter than the
Shakira and her skin tone so the colors
look much stronger the first thing I'm
going to do is prime the skin and then
I'm applying a cream foundation to even
out the skin tone and I'm using a Beauty
Blender brush the colors we used were
basically the colors that are found in
the video but they look much more stark
on Lucy's very very pale NC 10 skin so
you need to bear that in mind
corrector is used underneath the eyes to
cover up any darkness or staining of the
lids this is a mud corrector and I'm
using the Beauty Blender sponge to go
back over those areas rather than
changing to a powder puff I'm actually
going to set with the Beauty Blender
sponge which is still damp because it
gives a less cakey look to the skin and
this is quite a matte look the video is
actually a little bit 90s it's a little
bit sort of supermodel makeup so I'm
contouring very lightly with a Tom Ford
bronzer underneath the cheekbone area
the jawline and just shy of the outside
corner of the eye and I'll take a larger
brush to buff in those areas to soften
them because we don't want to leave
really really hard lines on the face
okay so I'm applying a blusher to the
kind of cheek area and I'm using the
ambient lighting blush by hourglass
which is absolutely phenomenal it gives
the most beautiful glow and the colors
range from very very light right the way
up to really sort of deep flashes of
fuchsia it's just wonderful it's really
wonderful next I'm using a nice light
shimmery eyeshadow which is from the
Paula's Choice and nude palette which
will be out very soon and I was the
consultant on this so I'm using these
shadows applying the light all over the
lid and then I'm using a darker shade in
the outside corner because this look
isn't about lots of crease or real
dramatic look it's about a very subtle
sort of very light brown I mixed with a
brown pink lipstick so Bobby Brown
brownie pink lip liner is going around
the lips and then
or filling the entire lips you can see
I've got a pointed cotton bud in my hand
that's to correct any mistakes that I
make with the lip line so I filled in
the lip completely now I will use a lip
stick and I'm using Bobbi Brown in brown
over this because it's quite a matte
Brown baiji pink lip and again on Lucy
is quite a deep lip it almost has that
hint of red in it but that's because her
skin tone is so light and there's no
gloss in this look we're actually gonna
powder the lip very very slightly as
well sharpening up the lip line just
gives a really nice effect to the
outside corner of the lips with that
complete I'm applying the brown lipstick
by Bobbi Brown I really like the Bobbi
Brown lipsticks because there is a lot
of brown in them they just remind me of
the 90s and the supermodels mascara is
applied several coats to the upper
lashes this is a Burberry mascara of
course
then a Charlotte Tilbury going in with
full fat lashes to really vamp it up and
give it just a gorgeous gorgeous effect
to the face and you will see a before
and after really really shortly I hope
you like the look it's a very wearable
everyday look I think thank you very
much for your time and I will see y'all
soon bye bye
you